hi everyone this is dave from geek
annoyed and by viewer demand i'm doing
another desk tour for you with an update
for August 2011 a lot of you like to
know what I use on my desk so here we go
let's run you through it so we're
starting over on this right-hand side
here and just here we've got some memory
that came out of my mac mini and that's
now been replaced by the 8 gigabytes of
memory supplied by crucial and we've got
my apple magic mouse little calculator
here I do use calculators and not the
one on my mac desktop I like a physical
calculated still just under there with a
one terabyte drive I'm going to be doing
some tests on a drobo soon so that's
destined to go in the drobo and then to
the right here I've got two of these
some enclosures these are Macaulay
enclosures I'm going to take the drives
out of these two and install them in the
drobo as well and then here's one of my
Eddie roll our 1980 mark to studio
monitors one there and the other one
just over in that corner there and
background on to the speaker my geek
glasses this is my logitech c910 that's
a high-definition web camera a little
model I use it in my photography tests
and let's come across here this is my
audio technica at2020 USB microphone and
you can see my little low-tech solution
here I use little tiny sponges
underneath the feet of the stand and
that just gets rid of some of the sound
of me typing CD for a coaster a and then
round here this is my Road PSA one which
you've seen in the videos and my audio
technique at 80 4050 sm microphone with
the rock stone pop filter on the top
here and let's go back down here let me
just sit down this is where I normally
sit to work and you can see my dual
screen set
up here and I'm really happy with the
dual screen setup not so happy about how
it works with mac OS 10 line because it
does it just doesn't work the way I want
it to but still very happy with the
monitors there are Yama pro lite or pro
elite ii 2472 hd's you can see another
little webcam at the top here that's a
Matt Kelly one I sometimes use that when
i'm doing sort video conferencing let's
just have a little sneaky look just down
there I've got memory cards down their
memory card readers and then I've got my
schedule book this is where I work out
what i'm doing my videos just my rough
notes and then use it to use the apple
keyboard and obviously the magic
trackpad and then hidden away just under
the desk here who look all those wires
hate the wires is my foot smooth that
out of shot you don't want to see my
ugly foot we have got the quad core mac
pro that little box there that's just my
charger for my panasonic HD seven
hundred so back to the desktop and here
we've got the task mus 600 this is my
XLR USB audio MIDI interface and then
we've got a couple of hard drives these
are our Western Digital these are the
new two and a half inch at nine point
five millimeter scorpio blue hard drives
I'm going to be testing those in a
synology diskstation a ds4 11 slim so
you can fit 40s in a very compact unit
and i'll be bringing you a review of
that very soon then just round here we
have got my 11-inch macbook air with
that speck cover on and I poke my cable
up just through this gap in the table
here so my charging cable comes out here
find that works really well for me and
they're not give you a little sneaky
look under here you haven't seen under
here much but I've got my tripods down
here and then just some storage canon MP
640 scanner and printer which i use my
general printing and then on to this
part of the desk this is the olympus LS
20 m
testing at the moment the core i7 Mac
Mini which is connected to this keyboard
here magic trackpad see the kodak
playsport in the corner they're still
use that and then you've got my sony
television which is a 32 inch sony
bravia which i've got the mac mini
connected to at the moment we've got
monster I clean this is an advert I
still use this this is one of the better
cleaners I've picked up like using that
there's my sony remote panasonic remote
for the SD 700 and then this little
corner here so that we were mess really
I've got my nick on d 5100 which i use a
lot of the time stunning camera really
pleased with that and the review is
either on the channel now or it's coming
very soon apologies for how long that's
taken olympus pen EPL to with that 42
150 millimeter lens on at the moment the
Nick on here has got the 16 285 on
that's one of my little quick mounts for
my tripods and we've got a couple of one
terabyte Samsung story stations a two
terabyte freecom a one terabyte seagate
a lot of these I don't use now they're
just mainly backups and I will keep them
just in case something goes wrong with
the main computer I use this freak on
one still quite frequently but the
others are generally fur for backing up
this one here are used for some of the
game capture that I've got planned it's
just finding the time to do it and then
in the corner there we've got the other
are 1900 monitor from Eddie roll and a
sony ps3 slim sitting in the corner
there i'd say it doesn't get used much
but i'm hoping to be doing more game
footage soon and then on top there we've
just got the controller and the sony
wireless headset so that is my desk
setup I know you like seeing I use on a
day-to-day basis it works really well
for me so nothing much has changed since
the last one but thank you for
requesting it I hope you've enjoyed that
little look how I work please do
subscribe to the geeky noise channel
and please do keep in touch give me a
lot of feedback on this video and my
other videos it helps me improve and
helps me bring you interesting content
thanks very much for watching I'll see
you all in the next video